Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code.
Computers are fast; programmers keep it slow.
A son asked his father (a programmer) why the sun rises in the east, and sets in the west. His response? It works, don't touch!
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
Programming can be fun, and so can cryptography; however, they should not be combined.
Copy-and-Paste was programmed by programmers for programmers actually.
Algorithm: Word used by programmers when they don't want to explain what they did.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works.
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
99 little bugs in the code. 99 little bugs in the code. Take one down, patch it around. 127 little bugs in the code...
Remember that there is no code faster than no code.
One man's crappy software is another man's full-time job.
No code has zero defects.
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
Deleted code is debugged code.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
It's not a bug - it's an undocumented feature.
Voodoo Programming
It works on my machine.
It compiles; ship it.
There are only two kinds of programming languages out there. The ones people complain about and the ones no one uses.
Programming made the impossible possible. You can have a null object and a constant variable.
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows your whole leg off.
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
C programmers never die. They are just cast into void.
Without C we only have Obol, Pasal, and BASI.
In C we had to code our own bugs. In C++ we can inherit them.
What's the object-oriented way to get wealthy? Inheritance
C++: Where your friends have access to your private members.
Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Q: What did the Java code say to the C code? A: You've got no class.
You'll surely have fun when programming Kotlin, promised.
There's no obfuscated Perl contest because it's pointless.
Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.
Some people when confronted with a problem think, "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.
Python: Executable pseudocode. Perl: Executable line noise.
Should one learn Advanced BASIC programming language?
Knock, knock... Who’s there?... *very long pause*... Java.
A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables, and asks, "Can I join you?"
To understand what recursion is, you must first understand recursion.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, "Are you ill?" The second byte replies, "No, just feeling a bit off."
There are 10 kinds of people in the world: Those who know binary and those who don't.
William Shakespeare's question 2B OR NOT 2B = FF.
Q: If 1 is true and 0 is false? A: 1.
Programmer's partner: "Are you going to sit and type in front of that thing all day, or are you going out with me?" Programmer: "Yes."
There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things.
Computers are good at following instructions but not at reading your mind.
When we had no computers, we had no programming problems either.